[Music]
Republican representative Thomas Massie
who has voted against funding Israel 15
times joined Tucker Carlson over the
weekend the two discussed the American
Israel public affairs committee
otherwise known as APAC let's watch why
have Republicans who come to me on the
floor and say I wish I could vote with
you today yours is the right vote but I
would just take too much flak back home
and I have Republicans who come to me
and say that's wrong what APAC is doing
to you let me talk to my APAC person by
the way everybody but me has an APAC
person what does that mean an APAC
person it's like your babysitter your
APAC babysitter who uh is always talking
to you for APAC they're probably a
constituent in your District but they
are you know firmly embedded in APAC and
every member has something like this
every I don't know how it works on the
Democrat side um but that's how it works
on the Republican
side but it's not like APAC is doing
this for all countries let's listen it's
the only country that does this that has
somebody that like uniformly I guarantee
there's some spreadsheet at APAC
where where you know the the APAC dude
is who's matched up with the congressman
is there and then all the congressman's
votes on the issue oh has the
Congressman been to Israel they they pay
for trips for congressmen and their
spouses to go to Israel I may be I mean
I don't I'm not the only Republican who
hasn't taken the APAC trip to Israel but
I'm probably one of a dozen that hasn't
taken that trip and the other ones just
haven't got around to it APAC responded
on Twitter writing quote once again
Massie lies and tropes about APAC we are
a United States organization of 4.5
million American members funded only by
Americans massie's disdain for Israel
and for fellow Americans will not deter
us from working to strength in our
country's ties with Israel during the
interview Massie also revealed what
former president Trump said to him after
Massie opposed the coronavirus relief
package in 2020 listen he comes on he
goes I'm coming at you like you've never
seen never in your life before have you
seen the way in which I will come at you
I'm more popular than you in Kentucky
and you know it I'm back in your primary
opponent and you're going to
lose come on and I'm like oh crap I
probably will
lose Massie added that Trump and him
have since patched things up and have a
better relationship well I must begin by
saying that Thomas Messi has a pretty
good Donald Trump impression that was
very I do a half-hearted trump
impression sometimes on the show it's
half-hearted on purpose cuz it's not
very good that was quality
um so let's start with the uh the APAC
stuff obviously APAC had targeted Massie
had run ads in his district had spent
money um to publicize his opposition to
funding for Israel um Massie won his uh
his primary challenge um easily handily
I actually think his opposition to
foreign military spending and it's not
it's not just for Israel it's across the
board it's for Ukraine it's for everyone
he thinks American tax dollars should be
not spent at all or spent at home uh is
a popular position among Republican uh
primary uh voters and why he he is an
extremely popular figure in his district
in Kentucky um yes so is Trump but the
the not you know he Massy representing
the non-interventionist right that is a
a position that two few Republican
Congressmen have embraced even though it
is actually popular among Republicans
yeah I think it's interesting to have
Apex say you know we represent 4.5
million people who are Americans when
you look at the polling of how people
feel about the support of Israel at this
point in time when they've committed
many human rights violations since
October 7th uh that's way more Americans
that's tens of millions of Americans
that don't approve of what Israel is
doing right now and you have Congress
people in lockstep willing to do what
APAC tells them to do why it's not
because they have very many constituents
that are in support of the United States
giving Israel endless funding it's it's
really about I'm going to continue to
get donations from APAC and it's almost
at the point point where there are
members of Congress who aren't getting
very much money from APAC but they're
threatened by the reality that if they
are not in lock step with other members
of Congress on Israel then they'll have
all of these attack ads put out against
them we saw this happen to Senator Nina
Turner in Ohio it really crushed her
race to have them pour so much money
into her opponent in a Democratic
primary simply because she was critical
of Israel yeah and similarly um um
Massie opposed uh the Corona virus
funding you know he's a he has a limited
government conservative a little bit of
of my ideology libertarianism um does
not want to spend um uh on you know
massive uh Public Works programs or
bailouts or forign or defense or
anything um wants to lower the amount of
government involvement in our lives and
other people's lives so that's like
that's his consistent View and you see
um you know Republicans like Donald
Trump who who will so often say oh the
Deb is out of control we got to get
spending under control and then when
they get into office and you know Bush
was the uh biggest offender of this ever
you know talking about limited
government conservatism then runs up the
debt does all the bailouts spends you
know like a drunken sailor on defense
starts new Wars in in Afghanistan and in
Iraq country that hadn't even attacked
us um Democrats spend a lot too but they
don't you know they don't they don't
ever promise to spend less so they're
just doing you know exactly what they
they promis to do but Republicans run on
controlling spending then never actually
do it um I was seeing you know a lot of
people on the right arguing you know
Massie versus Trump and uh even people I
I think I I know on the right who do
like Trump they really like Massie
because he's so consistent on this issue
and uh it I think it goes to show where
a where Trump turning on you is often a
death sentence for Republicans like you
cannot have Trump go against you it
Trump is pretty beloved in the
Republican party uh but it did not
affect Massie whatsoever because he is
so consistent on this issue and uh and
he he speaks to conservative Grassroots
opposition to so much of what is going
on under the leadership of our country
even under Republican administrations
it's interesting to see the additional
factions Beyond center right and Center
left U good old factioned American
politics right you have this guy Thomas
Massie and he is very critical of big
government great be critical of big
government the government oversteps
shouldn't have too much power great
shouldn't even exist you should also
carry over this criticism to
corporations that wield so much power
that it equates to
authoritarianism well when they control
so much of the price setting in our
country when they're pouring money into
our politics so that they can have
people not Thomas Massie but others you
know vote for them on Israel similarly
defense contractors do this they're in
lock step as well because they want the
money going to these companies so they
produce the weapons sell them at higher
than market rate higher than they're
sold to other countries uh so they can
line their pockets and get very rich
that's too much power for corporations
to have there has to be some check to
that power in a democratic way because
if we're mad about an authoritarian
government we should be mad when a
corporation wields that same power but
just in the private sector it's just
under a different name and there was
this viral post on Twitter that I I
don't know if you'll like but Adam McKay
the director of The Big Short I am not
going to like it ahead musini created
the word fascism and defined it as the
merging of the state and the corporation
and he said a more accurate word would
be corporatism and this was the
definition in Websters up until 196 or
1987 when a corporation bought Webster
dictionary and changed it to exclude any
mention of Corporations so I think if
you're scared of authoritarian power you
should be critical of Corporations as
well I'm totally scared of Corporations
merging with government and having even
greater authoritarianism or you're
spending money to Lobby government that
does things to their benefit I know
that's happening and I I'm totally
against it but if there was no I would
argue that if the government had less
money to Dole out could had the power to
destroy or you know could help an entire
industry or destroy an entire industry
or help specific firms if we if the
government's impact on the market was
smaller than the PE the participants in
the market would just have to compete
with each other said they get around
competing with each other because they
Lobby the government to hurt you help
you Etc so I agree with you that
corporatism is very very bad and I'm
totally against it but we have different
ideas about how to you want to tackle it
on the corporate end and I want to
tackle it on the uh the the government
end and I think we'll be arguing about
this a lot more to come more Rising
right after this
[Music]